Dia 26.05 Inglês

A typical home page 

1. Why do companies have websites?
Empresas normalmente possuem websites para divulgar e vender os seus produtos ou serviços para mais pessoas.
Companies usually have websites to advertise and sell their products or services to more people.

2. What is the difference between a website and a Web page?
Web page é apenas uma pagina de um site, já o website é o conjunto de varias paginas que formam ele 
A web page is just one page of a website, while a website is the set of several pages that make it up.

3. What is a home page 
 é a página principal que as pessoas encontram a acessar um domínio na internet 
It's the main page that people find when accessing a domain on the internet.

4. Do you have a blog or personal website? Describe the home page to your partner?
Eu não tenho um website próprio, mas tenho uma conta no instagram e no reddit
I don't have my own website, but I do have an Instagram and Reddit account.


5. In pairs, discuss how you would define the internet?
A internet é uma rede que diversas pessoas se conectam diretamente e utilizam para diversas coisas, como se comunicar, jogar e baixar e receber arquivos. 
The internet is a network that people connect to directly and use for all kinds of things, like chatting, gaming, and downloading files.

ATIVIDADE

1 what type of internet connection/ have at home?
what types of internet do you have at home?
at home I only have broadband access

2 how fast/ your internet connection
how fast is your internet connection
My internet connection is fast

3 how much/ pay for broadband access?
how much do you pay for broadband access
I pay R$99 for broadband access

4 how often/ access the internet?
how often you access the internet 
I frequently use the internet  

5 which email program/ use?
which email program do you use? 
I use google email 

6 who/ send email to?
I sent a email to my mom
who do you send email to?

7 do/ use your mobile phone to access the internet?
Do you use mobile phone to access the internet 
Yes, I do.

8 do/ use the internet in public spaces using wi-fi?
Do you use the internet in public spaces using wi-fi
Yes, I do.
 
9 do/ play games online?
Do you play games online 
Yes, I do.

10 how many newsgroups/ subscribe to?
How many newsgroups do you subscribe to?
I don't know how many, but there are many newsgroups I'm subscribed to!
